MIME-Version: 1.0
From: <scholars@us.net>
Subject: IT TRAINING SCHOLARSHIPS
Date: Sat, 9 Dec 2000 10:44:06
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="us-ascii"
Apparently-To: <list1>
Apparently-To: <list2>
Apparently-To: <address1>
Apparently-To: <address2>
Apparently-To: <...>


IT TRAINING TUITION SCHOLARSHIPS FOR COLLEGE FACULTY, STUDENTS AND STAFF



National Education Foundation CyberLearning, a non-profit organization
dedicated to bridging the Digital Divide since 1994, is offering "No Excuse"
tuition-free on-line training in Information Technology to the first 10,000
applicants. 

NEF CyberLearning courses, sponsored by the U.S. DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE in
the Federal Learning Exchange, have recently been acclaimed as 
"the Best of the Web" in online IT training by the FORBES magazine.  
Two online course programs are available:

1) Personal Computing (300+ self-study and instructor-led courses including
all Microsoft Office, Web Design, Lotus Notes, Internet etc, tuition value
of $3,000) for a $75 registration fee, the only cost.

2)   Information Technology (650+ self-study and instructor-led courses,
including the above and 350+ Certification courses in Microsoft, Cisco,
Oracle, Novell, Web Master etc, tuition value of $6,500) for a $270
registration fee, the only cost.

For either program, registration is valid through June 30, 2001 and there
are no tuition costs for classes.  The registrant receives free unlimited
access to the courses, a vast online library, chat areas, certification
skill tests and evaluations. This is an exceptional value and a great way for
anyone to upgrade IT skills and learn new skills.

To sign up, visit www.cyberlearning.org and click on
"PC Scholarships(300+ Courses)" or click on "IT Scholarships (650+
Courses)." Then, complete the "Teachers and Others in Education" application.
Manycolleges, schools and other educational organizations reimburse the
training registration fee. Over 5,000 educators, faculty and students
have already registered.

To bridge the Digital Divide, NEF also provides "No Excuse" IT training
scholarships to disadvantaged school and college students and teachers
throughout the Nation.

Please forward this information to all interested colleagues and others in
education, colleges, universities and schools.

 To unsubscribe, please reply with "unsubscibe" in the subject line.



About NEF: The non-profit National Education Foundation CyberLearning has
provided tuition-free IT training to thousands of students, teachers,
government and non-profit employees and disadvantaged individuals since
1994.

NEF is well on its way to training 100,000 IT professionals and a million
disadvantaged students nationally through its "No Excuse" IT Training
Program. NEF has earned many distinctions including "The Ivy League of IT
Training," "1995 Fairfax Human Rights Award," and " A Leader in Bridging
the Digital Divide."

"You are helping to empower America. I salute you for your ongoing
commitment to creating a better America," --- President Clinton

"Congratulations on a wonderful program," --- Congressional Leader
 Tom Davis(R-VA)

"This is an awesome opportunity. You are making a difference."--
Washingtonjobs.com

"NEF can make a positive  difference in the lives of a great number of
individuals." --- Microsoft

" The best online IT training program I have come across. I am using it to
train my students in IT certification," --- Doug Bertain, Palo Alto High
School IT Teacher

" I just want to say thank you on behalf of the many people that benefit
from your incredible benevolence."
--- Lilia Nunez, a registrant and a Digital Divide program beneficiary

"I have found the CyberLearning online courses to be extremely easy and
useful. I liked pre-course self-assessment and IT books online and available
24/7. The course screens were interactive and made me feel as if I was in
the application itself. The site looks and feels very professional. The list of
courses is huge. It includes something for almost everyone. I find this to
be a very worthy cause."
--- Ken Horowitz, IT Training Coordinator
